SSL/TLS User's Guide에 ADO .NET SSL 접속 지원 절 삽입 (#524)
ALTIBASE/Documents: Manuals/Altibase_7.1/eng/Altibase SSL TLS User's Guide.md

##### Step 1: Verify the OpenSSL Library

> ODBC and CLI read the OpenSSL library and calls the necessary functions while connecting to the server. Therefore, you should verify that the OpenSSL library has been installed properly, before writing a client application. Where the library is installed can differ among operating systems.

Author: 뒷 문장의 내용이 OpenSSL library가 서버에 연결할 때 필요하고, 뒤로도 OpenSSL 설치 여부를 확인하는 내용이 있어서 삭제한 문장입니다. SSL 연결이라는 의미를 추가하기 위해 suggestion 처럼 바꾸는 건 어떤지 확인 부탁드립니다. 
```suggestion
ODBC and CLI read the OpenSSL library and call the necessary functions while connecting to the server using SSL communication. Therefore, you should verify that the OpenSSL library has been installed properly, before writing a client application. Where the library is installed can differ among operating systems.
```

> ODBC and CLI read the OpenSSL library and calls the necessary functions while connecting to the server. Therefore, you should verify that the OpenSSL library has been installed properly, before writing a client application. Where the library is installed can differ among operating systems.

Reviewer: 네 좋습니다.
